Update README for Julia 1.0 (#103)
JuliaData/Missings.jl: README.md

# Missings.jl

*Convenience functions for working with missing values in Julia*

[![][travis-img]][travis-url] [![][appveyor-img]][appveyor-url] [![][codecov-img]][codecov-url]

## Installation

The package is registered in the `General` package registry and can be installed with:

```julia
julia> using Pkg; Pkg.add("Missings")
```

## Project Status

> In Julia `v1` the `Missing` type and basic related functionality are part of the language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from Julia 1.0, the `Missing` type and basic related functionality are part of the language.
```
